it is common to open a wine without corkscrews
good
we are often faced with a
years emergency situation was in
a party time come we do not have a
End this up guys on a knife was
I'll only use this lake to use it.
of water he saw there are people coming
with a toothpick with faith in the cry
since trying to open this technique is a
slightly less conventional technique does
have a shoe not be new like you
can not see any device with the
remembered today for the case the shoe came
here we will have everything is part of that
changed even because I'm right-handed
the suspense it can work first
stops laughing at himself and is already part of the
problem is the high shoe brand
good doing in the video when I was
party can not open to rain it
has offered 24 hours if it does not work
this video will never be 55
but I think so, but it's something
poorly positioned here
He's not giving the impression I have.
pressure the delegate
the talk only emphasizing that this is a
thing that will do only the first
bottle of wine while he is
sober handset is already breaking good is
Good to do this with a place that you do not
be my friend the bank is able to
defend the law